DOCS-5309 Cilium Integration Edits (#15669)
DataDog/integrations-core: cilium/README.md

The Cilium check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package, but it requires additional setup steps to expose Prometheus metrics.

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][13].

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.10.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][13].
```

> Starting with version 1.10.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.10.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][13].
```

        instances:
        
            ## @param use_openmetrics - boolean - optional - default: false
            ## Use the latest OpenMetrics implementation for more features and better performance.
            ##
            ## Note: To see the configuration options for the legacy OpenMetrics implementation (Agent 7.33 or older),

>             ## see https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/7.33.x/cilium/datadog_checks/cilium/data/conf.yaml.example

Reviewer 2: Note that these come from: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/b4551e32383dc457a5810152599d21bfc99178cb/cilium/datadog_checks/cilium/data/conf.yaml.example#L48-L52

So changing the spec.yaml to match and syncing config would probably be the right thing to do:
https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/b4551e32383dc457a5810152599d21bfc99178cb/cilium/assets/configuration/spec.yaml#L10-L15

Author: Thanks for all of the fixes, @alopezz!
